chore: add faq about project addons (#17329)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/org-based-billing.mdx

  infrastructure.
</details>

<details>
<summary>

>   <i>Where do I change my project addons such as PITR, Compute and Custom Domain?</i>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <i>Where do I change my project add-ons such as PITR, Compute and Custom Domain?</i>
```

</summary>

> Head over to your [projects add ons page](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/addons) to change your compute size, Point-In-Time-Recovery or custom domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head over to your project [Add-ons page](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/addons) to change your compute size, Point-In-Time-Recovery or custom domain.
```
